(Episode 36)
What happened?
Is Doctor Song going somewhere?
She was fired.
Is it our fault?
Mom.
Don't you worry.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
Mr. Chu.
What's wrong? Who's sick?
My wife. I don't know what's wrong.
- Come with me. - Okay.
Keep this for me.
- Doctor. - Honey.
Can you step back so I can check her?
- How is she? - Hey.
She's very jaundiced.
Did she have...
a chronic liver disease?
No, she didn't.
Ma'am. Ma'am.
What's your name?
Ma'am, where are you?
Seoul.
You're in Seoul?
Yes.
What year is it?
1988.
It's 1988?
Of course.
Why is she talking nonsense? Honey.
Ma'am.
Can you stretch your arms out?
Keep them level.
Hands back.
Hold them like this.
- Flapping tremors. - Yes.
A typical symptom of hepatic encephalopathy.
(Symptom of liver failure)
If she had no chronic disease, it's probably hepatic insufficiency.
Since she vomited blood,
get a gastroenterologist to treat that and then...
Doctor Song.
What are you doing here?
Doctor Song, out. Doctor Myung, you're in.
Sir.
Doctor Kang.
Yes, sir.
Don't you know Doctor Song no longer works here?
I know that.
Why are you letting her see a patient?
You're in charge. Is this how you run the ER?
I apologize.
Doctor Song.
Call a gastroenterologist...
to stop the bleeding first,
then run blood and liver tests.
Yes, doctor.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital Extension Plan)
What...
will you do now?
Don't worry about me.
Your wife is so sick.
What do you think will happen?
We'll have to see the test results, but I think...
Tell me.
What do you think will happen?
Let's wait until we have the test results.
Let's talk about it then.
I have to take this.
Okay.
Doctor Song, it's me.
How are things?
We're waiting for the test results.
I think...
it's acute hepatic insufficiency.
Oh dear.
Won't you come over?
The captain and I...
have something to sort out here.
Okay.
Take care.
What did she say?
Is his wife very sick?
Shouldn't we be there?
Let's grab the governor by the collar if we must.
That will help Mr. Chu more than any moral support.
You have a big set of them.
Of what? Guts?
Yes.
It'll look so shabby with just the two of us.
Should we call all the doctors and nurses...
and get them to join in?
They're all busy.
Are they?
Doing what?
Doctors.
Why are you here?
Must you even ask?
I'm disappointed.
You can't treat patients without me.
- You called them? - Yes.
I thought they'd want to come.
Great.
Let's go.
Come along.
She has what?
Acute hepatic insufficiency.
(Non-chronic liver failure)
Acute hepatic insufficiency?
What...
will happen to her now?
We managed to stabilize her for now,
but she might crash.
We can't guarantee anything at the moment.
You can't guarantee anything?
What does that mean?
Will she die or something?
Say something, Doctor Song.
She doesn't have much time.
What?
If we don't do something now,
she might not last the next few days.
She was perfectly fine. There was nothing wrong with her.
She seemed fine when I saw her at Chuseok.
Doctors fail to pinpoint the cause...
in over 30 percent of acute hepatic insufficiency cases.
I'm really sorry, Mr. Chu.
What...
must we do now? What must we do...
to bring her back?
A transplant.
A transplant?
Yes.
A liver transplant is the best cure.
You should've said so sooner.
Doctor Song, can she live if she gets a transplant?
- Yes. - Gosh.
I'll give her a piece of mine.
Do you have the same blood type?
No, I'm type B, she's type A.
- Then it won't work. - Why not?
These days, you can donate organs with different blood types.
You told me so...
That only applies when the recipient is stable.
Your wife is in critical condition.
The donor has to have a matching blood type.
Call the liver transplant center.
Okay.
If we find a donor,
she'll be on the top of the list, so...
Doctor Myung.
Suction.
Inject 10mg of valium.
(Valium treats muscle spasms.)
It's a spasm caused by hepatic encephalopathy.
[VIU Ver] Episode 36 Hospital Ship "Won Gong's Wife"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Doctor Song.
Let's talk.
How about...
transferring her to another hospital?
How can you transfer her in that condition?
That's exactly why she should be transferred.
- Why? - There's no one to operate on her.
You might be able to do it, but I can't.
I can't transplant a liver with a team I've never worked with.
It's not just that. I've...
You've what?
I've never done it before.
I always assisted the professor.
I've never transplanted...
a liver on my own as the surgeon in charge.
Where did he go?
Were you at the government office?
Yes, though we got nothing out of it.
How is Mr. Chu holding up?
- Well... - Well what?
Is there a problem?
He said he'd donate his liver, but I said...
he couldn't because his blood type doesn't match.
That's when his wife suddenly worsened and...
Where is he right now?
- I don't know. - You don't know?
Okay. I'll go and look for him.
Thank you.
(Public Health Clinic)
Hello.
- You're finally here. - Doctor.
Did you have a hard time?
Don't even ask.
I still can't believe what hit me.
You can rest now. We'll take care of it from here.
I can't rest.
I'll call the patients who left to come back.
No, we'll go to them.
It'll be worse if the elderly fall while walking in the dark.
You're so thoughtful, doctor.
You treat the people here. We'll go to all the homes...
and treat the people we can.
- We'll bring the rest back here. - Okay.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Hello.
How are you feeling?
Just so-so.
Is this the remote medical service?
Yes, but...
will they respond at this time?
I'll give it a go first.
Let me have a look at this.
You used it just fine last time. Did you forget what to do?
I couldn't use it at all.
I just pressed what they told me to.
Can't you keep the laptop...
and come see me every day?
I could stick needles in you every day,
but what about your medicine?
You need Doctor Kwak for that.
Why is it so complicated?
What's taking so long? Hurry up.
No one's responding.
What's up?
None of the doctors are responding to the call.
Can you get me the number of...
the Chief Internalist at Jeil Hospital?
Okay. Let me find out.
- He's waiting online too? - Yes.
Let me go make a call.
(Dad)
The remote medical service.
Don't you know how dangerous that is?
I need to save the ER.
It could kill the hospital ship.
Patients will die on the street if we close our ER.
If you...
had to choose between our ER...
and the hospital ship, which would it be?
This isn't a matter of choice.
It is a matter of choice.
Nothing in this world can satisfy both sides.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital Doctor Kang)
Hi, Jae Geol.
The Chief Internalist's number? Why?
The old ladies couldn't see a doctor...
because they can't use the laptop.
We're here on the island,
but none of the doctors are responding to the system.
Do that during the day tomorrow.
Don't you think we have to work too?
Do you think public health doctors...
You know what happens to us if we don't stay at our post.
He clocked off and went home to rest.
I can't tell him to come back to work.
Does he have to be at the hospital?
He needs to use the software on his office PC.
Okay, okay.
Let me give him a call first.
Okay, please do that.
Hey, Jae Geol.
Do you have any idea...
what went on here today?
What went on?
What?
Really?
Take another deep breath.
- Her back. - Turn around.
I don't like the sound.
Jae Geol.
- Try again. Someone's online. - Really?
That's great.
Okay, thanks.
- Hello. - Hi.
What's wrong?
The elderly are having trouble using the system.
I'm here to help. Do you mind?
Who are you?
I'm Doctor Kwak from the hospital ship.
You're a doctor? Not a helper?
Consider me a helper if you want.
Okay, then. Let's see the patient.
What's the problem?
Ma'am, look straight at him.
I have a headache and I'm always sweating.
My whole body aches as well.
What's her temperature?
37.5°C.
Her blood pressure, pulse, and breathing are normal,
but she has a lot of phlegm.
I hear a crackling in the lower part of her right lung.
It could be pneumonia, then.
She needs a blood test and an x-ray.
Can you do that there?
We can on the hospital ship,
but we aren't allowed to sail right now.
Oh dear.
Then you have to bring the patient to our hospital.
Doctor.
There aren't any boats right now.
Should we ask the Coast Guard?
This is insane.
In that case,
let me make a few calls and get back to you.
Will you be okay?
Doctor Kim.
How did it go? Are you done seeing the patients?
I just saw one.
There's a whole line left.
- Pardon me? - Why did they...
get rid of the hospital ship?
Shall we call the Coast Guard for a CT scan?
Shall we send a helicopter from the hospital?
- Pardon me? - Remote Medical Service.
Is this really necessary?
There are two Internal Medicine doctors from the hospital ship...
and from the general hospital.
They sit in front of the computer with the patient.
- What on earth is this? - It's...
They can simply diagnose and treat the patient.
This is very inefficient.
Working remotely will drive everyone crazy.
- I see. - My goodness.
Why is he taking it out on me?
I didn't get rid of the hospital ship.
Goodness.
Please take care.
- Hello, is it finished? - Almost.
- How's her fever? - It's gotten worse.
Let's go. We have a fishing boat ready.
Will she be okay?
The cold air could make her worse.
We'll ask to keep the boat warm inside.
Let's go to Geoje Island as soon as possible.
You don't look so good. Is something wrong?
I think Mr. Chu is in big trouble now.
(Yang Choon Ho)
Why aren't you picking up? He's your follower.
Why aren't you going in?
Aren't you here to see your children?
I'm too embarrassed.
Do you know this?
When my wife gave birth to our children,
I was never there.
Like a widower,
she saw an OB-GYN all alone.
She went through it...
and gave birth to our children.
Were you on the hospital ship?
I couldn't be there on their first day of school or graduation.
I completely forgot about...
the school violence committee.
After neglecting them for all these years,
I tell them, "Your mother is dying."
"Pack and come out."
Still,
I should say goodbye for the last time.
It's not the last.
Dong Min's mom won't die.
I'll save her.
Go in and bring out your children.
It's not the last time.
Tell them that we should cheer her up...
before her operation.
Nurse Pyo.
I have the same blood type as your wife.
I'm quite brave.
My liver is big enough...
to give a transplant.
I'll save...
your wife.
Mr. Chu.
Work harder to save the hospital ship.
30 years on the hospital ship.
"My life on the ship was worthless and meaningless."
Don't regret it.
If you do,
I'll scold you.
Why is it worthless?
You hung in there.
Do you know how many lives that you saved?
Yes?
What are you doing?
Why are you dressed that way?
Is it wrong for a surgeon...
- to wear scrubs? - What?
Open up the OR.
I want to save...
Patient Kim Sung Hee.
That's impossible.
At Jeil Hospital,
we don't have any OR for dangerous doctors.
Don't you agree, Director Kim?
If you don't open the OR,
the patient may die tonight.
Transfer the patient to another hospital.
I want to save the patient, sir.
Remember the support that Doosung Group promised you.